# Demonstration

This is a multi-module maven project that demonstrates how to use test containers
when developing and testing your software.

Perhaps most importantly (for this overall repo) it also demonstrates how to do
these tasks while using database server extensions like PL/Java.

The actual change required is extremely modest:

- Use a docker image that has already installed the appropriate PL/Java package, e.g., `postgresql-16-pljava`.
- Edit the flywaydb migration file to it calls `CREATE EXTENSION...` so the server loads the extension.

The extension should still provide any DDR files required for user-defined functions and types.

*Important note: this is incomplete since I am still migrating the source from a different project.*

## Modules

### Model

This maven module contains:

- the model (what's stored in the database)
- the interfaces used for 'persistence' dependency injection
- the interfaces used for 'service' dependency injection
- possibly some configuration and security classes

In a simple project this module will also include the interfaces
used for 'presentation' dependency injection. These interfaces will
be absent from more complex project since there will be applications
that require different presentations, or lack a presentation layer
entirely.

In contrast every application will need at least some business logic.
In simple projects everything can be defined here, in more complex
projects we may want to define additional functionality in dedicated
maven modules.

*Important note: this module is currently empty*

### JOOQ

Work in progress....

My prior versions used `build-helper-maven-plugin` to put the
autogenerated code into a separate location that was then added
to the source list but in this case I decided to use a dedicated
module that's entirely autogenerated and I'll add my own jooq
code later.

However I've decided that's the wrong approach - there's too many
benefits to having the complete implementation here - including
tests. It won't take long to update but I want to get this under
source control...